- Now that we know different ways
to customize our handler
method signature let's jump in and
create a couple of different examples.
We can use the same project and
create a new class called custom inputs.
Keep in mind that it is always the
best practice to create a
new project with all new required
classes and dependencies
to minimize cold start.
Imagine you want to create a lambda
that calculates average
from the list of numbers.
Here, we can create a new method,
public double handler that accepts the
list of integers and returns the double.
We can write a four loop,
but what I like is to use streams to
simply calculate the average.
And now we just need to return an average.
As you can see,
there is no option to debug or run locally,
as it is not recognized by AWS toolkit.
Why? Well because AWS toolkit
only recognizes requests handle interfaces.
Next, let's navigate to AWS Explorer.
Right click on create Lambda.
Give it a name.
For handler we now need to specify the
package and the handler method.
If we have used the request handler,
then defining class name would have been enough.
Here we can set the same configuration as we did
for other functions.
And click on create function.
Once deployed, we can run the test.
We need to provide a list of integers.
Click on okay.
And there we got an average number.
Let's do another one.
Imagine we need to write a program that
counts the number of
occurrences of a list.
Let's create an interface that accepts a
list of strings
that could represent users,
and as a result,
return map of users and their occurrences.
To update the function go back to the same
function in AWS Explorer.
Right-click and click on update function code.
Now click back on modify,
run configuration to update the request
with the list of strings.
We will provide a list of users.
Let me copy paste an example request
And run our function.
We can see that as an output we get back
a hash map with a number of occurrences.
Let's do one more example with custom POJO.
Here's an example of Jason object
we want to capture based on
temperature and humidity.
We want to know if it is cold or hot.
We already have weather data class with
default constructor
and getters and setters.
In the method body,
we will do some simple logic and return back
arbitrary description as a feeling.
Now we can deploy our code in the
same way as before.
We can either create new or
add the existing function.
Let also create a new request.
We will copy paste weather data
in Jason form and click run.
And it works.
We don't get any de serialization errors
because AWS Lander
run time is just going to ignore
the parts we don't need.